foreign  ERS are you Dr tedma you got it wrong my  name's not Anna I'm Nina now but that  wasn't your name back when you were  brought into my Hospital you were Anna  and your brother  your brother's name was Johan my brother  foreign  foreign  foreign  ER  Mr Maura  Mr mura Mr Fortner it's me Dr Tenma Anna  I mean Nina is safe she's here with me  Mr Maura  foreign  all right you go on and I'll call them  myself  it doesn't look like the police ever  came  oh my God  foreign  you must live  please  I'm begging you  please  Mr Mara  you don't have to quit smoking anymore  all right  Mr Miller  back then  killed him  but now he's  I know  I killed him  I did I killed him  another day I know I'm sure I killed my  brother  was me I was the one who brought your  brother back to life  instead the phone line has been cut  we're getting out of here  that'll be coming back for you  you okay in there  we're with the police someone called  earlier is there any trouble if you  don't mind sir we're just going to have  a quick look around  good Lord this is horrible  you two all right  are you injured you hurt  well that's a relief backup should  arrive very soon they'll take care of  the crime scene and we'll take you over  to headquarters for questioning so we  can file a report on this  so are you the daughter of the victims  I'm sorry for your loss  I'm assuming neither of you saw the  Intruder then  think something like that could happen  in such a peaceful Town pardon my asking  sir but where do you come from are you  Chinese no sir I'm Japanese my name is  Kenzo Tenma okay you're Japanese yeah  well seems to me you're quite a ways  from home then aren't you  you're all right now  sorry but can you tell me where we're  headed officer the police station  remember but wait I don't understand the  Heidelberg police station is in town  yeah but we're from the station in  Manheim the next town over  why  why are they taking us so far yeah we're  almost there just another 15 minutes or  so ah okay  he said they got a call  came because they got a call  but who could have called  the phone was dead  there were no Sirens when they first  came  and they took us away before making sure  that backup arrived at the scene  but those badges  badges did look real  blood  no way  it can't be  could these men have  uh excuse me  huh  police checkpoint  we're searching for a hit and run  suspect so please be alert uh excuse me  it's you  well if it isn't detective Messner and  detective Mueller good evening to you  gentlemen are you two on your way back  to the station wow  I'm sure we'll get it banged up soon  enough yeah we really give our rides a  workout excuse me Detective  uh she's not feeling so well back here  can she get some fresh air for a minute  oh  sure you go ahead  say detective what's up are these two in  some kind of trouble trouble not at all  it's nothing don't worry  going on here  seem like real detectives  but what about that blood  who could have called them  Sirens weren't even on  what should we do  what  hey what's wrong Dr Tenma are you two  okay  oh  how do you know who I am  I gave you my name but I never told you  not once that I was a doctor tell me how  did you know that  foreign  I found a grocery store nearby I also  got you some dry clothes  there's bread sausage and cheese  I filled this thermos up with hot coffee  too  you probably don't have much of an  appetite but you really should eat  you're shivering you should change out  of those wet clothes  a lot of people were dead  my brother and I were walking  it was like  they were all alone in the world  where were you when all of this happened  can you remember anything else  he crossed the  to us  and my brother said  I have a good plan  ah  soon after that  my uncle and my dear auntie were both  dead  anyone who is ever good to us died  without fail  all of them  but then one day one day I discovered  the reason why  you're talking about the incident with  Mr and Mrs Liebert  my brother did it he shot them my  brother he he murdered them  he's the one who did all this my brother  murdered them all  so I picked up the gun with both my  hands and then I I aimed it right at my  brother  and that's when he said it  he was smiling  after you shoot me make sure that you  throw the gun out the window and he told  me to aim for his head  so I I shot him like he said  I aim for his head like he told me  why did you save him  if you hadn't saved him mom and dad  would still be alive he wouldn't have  killed him  do you have to save them  stay here I'm going to the police  if those detectives last night were real  it means that some members of the police  force are linked to Johann if so we  can't just wait here like this  Nina I need you to listen to me I know  that Johan is going to come after you if  anyone comes looking for you just hide  why don't you have some food drink some  hot coffee and then try to get a couple  hours of rest  one step at a time that's how we'll get  through all this  you're alive  you must think about the future  your future  were there any clues left by the Killer  is there any connection to the serial  murders throughout Germany chief chief  there's one more question like I said  we're doing everything we can to  investigate this case but I can't make  any comments or talk about details  had a daughter are you able to tell us  where she is at this time or is she  presumed dead as well we're trying to  figure out her whereabouts why was that  newspaper reporter with them Mr Maurer  Chief one question and who was that  Japanese man who is said to have been  with him there's one more question over  here Japanese who is he he sounds  suspicious  quick question Chief is this murder at  all related to the one that took place  at Heidelberg Castle around the same  time  that's all for now we will release  additional Details In Due Time excuse me  please let me through  China one more question uh excuse me sir  of course we appreciate all the support  we're getting from Mannheim like  detectives Messner and Mueller thank you  both for coming out this afternoon  we're at your disposal to Aid in the  investigation anything we can do to help  so how are things coming along sir  please come inside that way we'll be  able to speak freely  they're real  those guys were with the police they're  actual cops  what should I do  hello Heidelberg post  what I can't hear you we're really busy  in here  who did you say you were  he's the key hold on keep it dead on you  guys seriously I'm on the damn phone  I'm bringing an important witness to  your office at five o'clock  but you must not tell the police are you  for real  if I can't trust the police then the  newspaper is my only option  only they can help Nina now  Mr Maurer  I'm sorry but you just can't come in  here without permission he's right  besides the bka is only working on the  serial murders of the middle-aged  couples all that you're going to find in  this room is material for the murder at  the castle inspector long gay uh sir  please forgive me I was just a bit  curious but the crime you're  investigating and this one happened at  the same time detective I mean it  couldn't have been the same murderer so  I see  it appears that this man had been tied  up  you didn't happen to find a rope or  anything nearby did you no seems the  body had already been untied by the time  the police arrived on the scene  I see yes  there are four possible routes of Escape  From The Scene he also had to stay well  out of sight  how crowded was the area where he'd come  out and how much light was there  huh  here it is  Nina it's me Tenma I'm back  Nina you can come out now it's all right  hey Nina  oh no  Nina  Nina  where are you  Nina  he came for you  didn't he Nina  I never should have left you here all  alone  I don't blame you for saving my  brother's life anymore  you did what you had to do as a doctor  it wasn't your fault  please eat the sandwiches  and get some rest too  please live on  and continue to save as many people as  you are able to  Nina Fortner  foreign  what are you planning to do  are you going to kill your brother a  second time  I did it  I brought him back to life  that monster  it was me  I brought him back to life  and slowly  you come to realize  it's all as it should be  you can only  do so long  if you're game enough  you could place your trust  foreign  thank you